{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ID3.framework  v0.9\
15 June 03\
By Chris Drew   stopspam@tpg.com.au\
\
ID3 framework is a objective-C ID3 Tag library for v1 and v2 tag manipulation.  The library uses the Cocoa Foundation Class libraries and is ideally suited to Cocoa programs.  \
\
At present the library should be able to read and write to all v1 and v2 tag types.  However please note that not all feature of v2.3 and v2.4 tags are supported as yet,  particularly extended headers and multiple tags within an file are not supported.   Despite these omissions the library should be able to handle most if not all tags you will come across and should be able create almost any tag you would want.\
\
Reading a tag is safe, writing should be safe on V1 and v2.0 - v2.3 tags.  v2.4 tags should be OK in most cases, however support is still experimental.  As with all free software, buyer beware.  There is no warrantee.  \
\
I have tested the library with iTunes and NMP3 Ripper as will as several free mp3 I have downloaded from the net.  \
\
If you are having problems reading a tag in a file use compile and use the quick and dirty tag extraction utility that can be found in the "app" directory.  The tag extract file should be small and hence easy to e-mail.  The app is pretty self explanatory.\
\
Please read the copy write notice.  The software is released under LGPL.  By the way, while it would be difficult for me to stop you I would prefer that the library is not used in MP3 trading software.\
\
Finally I would like to thank
\fs20  
\fs24 \CocoaLigature0 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler for zlib which I use in my library.}